:toc: left

= Daily Insights API Documentation

:sectnums:

== User API

=== Create User
==== Request
include::{snippets}/user/create-user-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/user/create-user-success/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (Email already exists)
include::{snippets}/user/create-user-error_email-already-exists/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (User already registered)
include::{snippets}/user/create-user-error_user-already-registered/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get User
==== Request
include::{snippets}/user/get-user-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/user/get-user-success/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (User not registered)
include::{snippets}/user/get-user-error_user-not-registered/http-response.adoc[]

=== Update User
==== Request
include::{snippets}/user/update-user-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/user/update-user-success/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (Email already exists)
include::{snippets}/user/update-user-error_email-already-exists/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (User not registered)
include::{snippets}/user/update-user-error_user-not-registered/http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete User
==== Request
include::{snippets}/user/delete-user-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/user/delete-user-success/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (User not registered)
include::{snippets}/user/delete-user-error_user-not-registered/http-response.adoc[]


== Source API

=== Create Source
==== Request
include::{snippets}/source/create-source-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/source/create-source-success/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (User not registered)
include::{snippets}/source/create-source-error_user-not-registered/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get Sources
==== Request
include::{snippets}/source/get-sources-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/source/get-sources-success/http-response.adoc[]

=== Update Source
==== Request
include::{snippets}/source/update-source-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/source/update-source-success/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (Source not found)
include::{snippets}/source/update-source-error_source-not-found/http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete Source
include::{snippets}/source/delete-source-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/source/delete-source-success/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (Source not found)
include::{snippets}/source/delete-source-error_source-not-found/http-response.adoc[]


== Insight API

=== Create Insight
==== Request
include::{snippets}/insight/create-insight-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/insight/create-insight-success/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (User not registered)
include::{snippets}/insight/create-insight-error_user-not-registered/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (Source not found)
include::{snippets}/insight/create-insight-error_source-not-found/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (Source does not belong to user)
include::{snippets}/insight/create-insight-error_source-does-not-belong-to-user/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get Insights
==== Request
include::{snippets}/insight/get-insights-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/insight/get-insights-success/http-response.adoc[]

=== Update Insight
==== Request
include::{snippets}/insight/update-insight-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/insight/update-insight-success/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (Insight not found)
include::{snippets}/insight/update-insight-error_insight-not-found/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (Source not found)
include::{snippets}/insight/update-insight-error_source-not-found/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (Source does not belong to user)
include::{snippets}/insight/update-insight-error_source-does-not-belong-to-user/http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete Insight
==== Request
include::{snippets}/insight/delete-insight-success/http-request.adoc[]
==== Response - Success
include::{snippets}/insight/delete-insight-success/http-response.adoc[]
==== Response - Error (Insight not found)
include::{snippets}/insight/delete-insight-error_insight-not-found/http-response.adoc[]
